docs: add warn for bundled tags which deleted in `v7.0.0` (#1948)
hexojs/site: source/docs/tag-plugins.md

{% endpullquote %}
```

## jsFiddle (deleted in `v7.0.0`)

> {% note warn %}
> Please use [hexo-tag-embed](https://github.com/hexojs/hexo-tag-embed) instead if you use `v7.0.0+`.
> {% endnote %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% note warn %}
The tag was removed in Hexo 7.0.0. We have provided a plugin [hexo-tag-embed](https://github.com/hexojs/hexo-tag-embed) for backward compatibility with your existing posts.
{% endnote %}
```

IMHO this would probably be better?
